# GLINERDD  - Named Entity Recognition Disque Denúncia - GLINER 🚫

**GLINERDD** is a tool that uses pre-trained **GLINER** models to detect entities in violent text. It also uses them to classify and verify the NER, specifically identifying the location, person, and organization.

This repository is divided into five parts:

- **Fine Tuning Training**, composed of the file "GliNER - Training - Nested KFold BayesSearch v4.py," aims to train and generate the model after compound training.
- **Auto-Iterative Adjustments**, composed of the files "GliNER - Auto-Iterative Adjustments.py," "GliNER - Metadata Adjustments.py," and "GliNER - Sanity File Conversion.py," which aims to adjust the metadata and convert the generated algorithm to auto-iterative.
- **Pseudolabel**, composed of the files "GliNER - PseudoLabel v3.py" and "GliNER - Training - PseudoLabel - v3.py," which contain two files that generate the pseudolabel: one for the Pseudolabel training file and the other for generating the Pseudolabel file.
- **Result**, composed of the file "GliNER - Result - v3.py," which generates the classification report result. and the metrics responsible
- **Calibration**, composed of the files "GliNER - Temperature Scaling.py", "GliNER - Temperature Scaling - Classe.py", and "GliNER - Isolation Regression.py", is designed to calibrate the results generated by the pseudolabel

----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
**GLINERDD** é uma ferramenta que utiliza os modelos pré-treinados **GLINER** para detectar a entidade no texto de violência. Além disso, emprega para realizar a classificação e verificar o NER, identificando especificamente o local, a pessoa e a organização.

Este repositório encontra-se dividido em cinco partes:

- **Treino Fine Tuning** composto pelo arquivo "GliNER - Treino - Nested KFold BayesSearch v4.py" tem como objetivo treinar e gerar o modelo após o treinamento composto
- **Ajustes AutoIterativo** composto pelos arquivos "GliNER - Ajustes AutoIterativo.py", "GliNER - Ajustes Metadado.py" e "GliNER - Conversao Arquivo Sanidade.py" que tem como objetivo ajustar os metadados e fazer o algoritmo gerado para o autoiterativo
- **Pseudolabel** composto pelos arquivos "GliNER - PseudoLabel v3.py" e "GliNER - Treino - PseudoLabel - v3.py" onde temos dois arquivos que geram o pseudolabel um para o arquivo de treino do Pseudolabel e outro para gerar o arquivo do Pseudolabel
- **Resultado**  composto pelo arquivo "GliNER - Resultado - v3.py" que gera o resultado do classification report e das métricas responsáveis
- **Calibragem** composto pelos arquivos "GliNER - Temperature Scaling.py","GliNER - Temperature Scaling - Classe.py" e "GliNER - Isolation Regression.py" é orientado com o objetivo de calibrar os resultados gerados pelo pseudolabel

## Prerequisites 📋

Make sure you have the following prerequisites installed in your development environment:

- Python 3.x
- Pip (Python package manager)
- Torch
- Scikit-learn
- matplotlib
- Gliner

## How to Run 🏃‍♀️

Follow these simple steps to set up and run NERDD:

1. **Clone the Repository**

   ```shell
   git clone https://github.com/MLRG-CEFET-RJ/nerdd.git
   ```

1. **Install Libs on Environment**

   ```shell
   git install -r requirements.txt
   ```


## Contribution 🤝

If you want to contribute to the NERDD project, we would be happy to receive your contributions. Feel free to open issues or submit pull requests with improvements, bug fixes, or new features.

## License 📄

This project is licensed under the MIT License - see the [LICENSE](LICENSE) file for details.

---

We hope you enjoy offensive gesture detection with **GLINERDD**! If you have any questions or need assistance, please feel free to reach out to the development team. 😊👋